doc: update SES programming instructions (#5845)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf5340.rst

   You must reprogram the network core sample only when changes are made to it.
   You can modify and program the application core sample without reprogramming the network core.

Follow these steps to build and program a multi-image build to the nRF5340 application core and network core:

1. Follow the initial steps in :ref:`gs_programming_ses` to import the application core sample project in |SES| using ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` or ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns`` as the build target.

>    For example, you can select the :ref:`peripheral_lbs` sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, select the :ref:`peripheral_lbs` sample.
```

> #. Build the sample as described in :ref:`gs_programming_ses` in the step about building and programming the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Follow the steps described in :ref:`gs_programming_ses` to build the sample. 
```

   This creates both the application core image and the network core image.
   When the build completes, return to this guide.

> #. Add the network core project to the application core project:

Reviewer 2: Do we actually add it to an application core project or to some sort of main project ?

   a. Select :guilabel:`File` > :guilabel:`New Project`.

      .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_new_project.png
         :alt: Create New Project menu

         Create New Project menu

   #. Select :guilabel:`Add the project to the current solution`.

      .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_add_project.png
         :alt: Adding a project target for programming the network core

         Adding a project target for programming the network core

   #. Select the project template, project name, and project location.

      * :guilabel:`An externally built executable for Nordic Semiconductor nRF`:
        This template allows you to specify the network core hexadecimal file to be programmed.
        The hexadecimal file is created by the build system.
      * :guilabel:`Name`: Specify the name of the project as it will appear in SES.

>         For example, the :ref:`peripheral_lbs` sample uses ``hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore``.

Reviewer 2: Isn't the name up to the user? Does it need to be specified to given value for a sample?

Reviewer 2: I. e. does it e.g. depend on used net core image ?

      * :guilabel:`Location`: Specify the location of the project.

>         This must be the same build target's folder as for the current project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This must be the same build target's folder as the current project.
```

      Deselect :guilabel:`Debug` and :guilabel:`Release`.

      .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_conf.png
         :alt: Deselecting configurations and finishing the configuration

         Deselecting configurations and finishing the configuration

   #. Click :guilabel:`Finish`.

      This creates a new project for programming the network core with the HEX file of the network sample.

#. Set the new network core project as the active project using :guilabel:`Project` > :guilabel:`Set Active Project`.
   For example, select :guilabel:`hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore`.

   .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_set_active.png
      :alt: Set the hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore programming target as active

      Set the hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore programming target as active

#. Program the network sample using :guilabel:`Target` > :guilabel:`Download XXX` (for example, :guilabel:`Download hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore`).

   .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_flash_active.png
      :alt: Program the network sample hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore

      Program the network sample hci_rpmsg_nrf5340_netcore

>    Ignore any warnings regarding the project being out of date by clicking :guilabel:`No` when they appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Ignore any project out-of-date warning by clicking :guilabel:`No` when they appear.
```

   The network core project is a pure programming target, so it cannot be built.

   .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_download.png

>       :alt: Ignore any 'Project out of date' warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: Ignore any 'Project out-of-date' warnings
```

>       Ignore any 'Project out of date' warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Ignore any 'Project out-of-date' warnings
```

   .. warning::

>       If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and untick the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and disable the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.
```

>    .. warning::
>       If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and disable the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.
>       To restore the default settings, go to :guilabel:`Tools` > :guilabel:`Options` > :guilabel:`Building` and set :guilabel:`Confirm Automatically Build Before Debug` to ``Yes``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and disable the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.
      To restore the default settings, select :guilabel:`Tools` > :guilabel:`Options` > :guilabel:`Building` and set :guilabel:`Confirm Automatically Build Before Debug` to ``Yes``.
```
